feat(node): update validator reward ratio on L1Block contract (#47)
kroma-network/kroma: specs/derivation.md

- `timestamp` is set to the batch's timestamp.
- `random` is set to the `prev_randao` L1 block attribute.

> - `suggestedFeeRecipient` is set to the Validator Reward Vault address. See [Fee Vaults] specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`suggestedFeeRecipient` is set to the zero address. See [Fee Vaults] specification.
```
